Fixed broken links (#3287)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/ecosystem.md

weight: 30
---

> The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform distinguishes between applications and microservices, see also [Application enablement](/concepts/concepts-introduction/#application-enablement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform distinguishes between applications and microservices, see also [Application enablement]((/app-intro/applications/).
```

- [Platform administration > {{< standard-tenant >}} administration > Changing settings > Application](/standard-tenant/changing-settings/#application) for information on changing the application settings for your account.
- [Platform administration > {{< enterprise-tenant >}} administration > Managing tenants > Subscribing applications](/enterprise-tenant/managing-tenants/#subscribing-applications) for information on application subscriptions on tenant level.
- [Application enablement & solutions > Cockpit > Widgets collection > Applications](/cockpit/widgets-collection/#applications) for information on the "Applications" widget.

> - [Getting started > Technical concepts > Application enablement](/concepts-introduction/#application-enablement) for an overview on the basic concepts of applications in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Application enablement & solutions > Introduction > Application enablement](/app-intro/applications/) for an overview on the basic concepts of applications in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```
